WG LTS: mark annual support cycle KEP implementable (#1782)
kubernetes/enhancements: keps/sig-release/1498-kubernetes-yearly-support-period/README.md

Check these off as they are completed for the Release Team to track. These checklist items _must_ be updated for the enhancement to be released.

- ~~[ ] kubernetes/enhancements issue in release milestone, which links to KEP (this should be a link to the KEP location in kubernetes/enhancements, not the initial KEP PR)~~

> - [X] KEP approvers have set the KEP status to `implementable`

Reviewer: Nit: lowercase `x`s for this and below

Author: updated

Incremental change elongating existing Kubernetes project version skew policy, i.e.: where “N+/-1” to “N+/-2” and where “N+/-2” to “N+/-3”.
This matters, especially for external clients programmatically interacting with a long-lived cluster, beyond the cluster control plane components, moved through the upgrade process.

> Note: The above assumes no change in the number of releases made per year.  If the number of releases per year increases or decreases, that would additional modify the version skew strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The above assumes no change in the number of releases made per year. If the number of releases per year increases or decreases, that may additionally modify the version skew strategy.
```

Author: Two spaces!!

But seriously the would versus may is an important distinction.  Fixed.

## Implementation History

- 1.19 is planned to be the first release to officially receive a year of
  patch support
- discussion is underway (April/May 2020) between SIG Release, WG LTS, and
  the broader community (see [k-dev

>   list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/kubernetes-dev)) to take the circumstances and

Reviewer: Let's explicitly link the discussions:
- 1.19 schedule: https://groups.google.com/d/topic/kubernetes-dev/IVpiIOZ4WcM/discussion
- annual support to `implementable`: https://groups.google.com/d/topic/kubernetes-dev/tOe2UFB_weQ/discussion

Author: Added.
